Plans updates (#4867)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/faq.md

#### What happens when I run out of credits?
{:.no_toc}

> On the **Performance plan**, when you reach 2% of your remaining credits, you will be refilled 25% of your credit subscription (at 25% the cost of your plan). For example, If your monthly package size is 25,000 credits, you will automatically be refilled 6,250 credits (at $.0006 each, not including applicable taxes) when you reach 500 remaining credits.

Reviewer: @rosieyohannan can you update to:
On the **Performance plan**, when you reach 2% of your remaining credits, you will be refilled 25% of your credit subscription, with a minimum refill of 25,000 credits. For example, If your monthly package size is 100,000 credits, you will automatically be refilled 25,000 credits (at $.0006 each, not including applicable taxes) when you reach 2000 remaining credits.

> On the **Performance plan**, when you reach 2% of your remaining credits, you will be refilled 25% of your credit subscription (at 25% the cost of your plan). For example, If your monthly package size is 25,000 credits, you will automatically be refilled 6,250 credits (at $.0006 each, not including applicable taxes) when you reach 500 remaining credits.

Author: ```suggestion
On the Performance plan, when you reach 2% of your remaining credits, you will be refilled 25% of your credit subscription, with a minimum refill of 25,000 credits. For example, If your monthly package size is 100,000 credits, you will automatically be refilled 25,000 credits (at $.0006 each, not including applicable taxes) when you reach 2000 remaining credits.
```

#### When do I pay?
{:.no_toc}

> On the Usage plans, at the beginning of your billing cycle, you will be charged for user seats, premium support tiers and your monthly credit allocation. Any subsequent credit refills _during_ the month (such as the auto-refilling back to 25% on reaching 2% of credits available) will be paid _at the time of the refill_.

Reviewer: @rosieyohannan can you update to:
On the Performance Plan, at the beginning of your billing cycle, you will be charged for user seats, premium support tiers and your monthly credit allocation. Any subsequent credit refills _during_ the month (such as the auto-refilling at 25% on reaching 2% of credits available) will be paid _at the time of the refill_.

> On the Usage plans, at the beginning of your billing cycle, you will be charged for user seats, premium support tiers and your monthly credit allocation. Any subsequent credit refills _during_ the month (such as the auto-refilling back to 25% on reaching 2% of credits available) will be paid _at the time of the refill_.

Author: ```suggestion
On the **Performance Plan**, at the beginning of your billing cycle, you will be charged for user seats, premium support tiers and your monthly credit allocation. Any subsequent credit refills _during_ the month (such as the auto-refilling at 25% on reaching 2% of credits available) will be paid _at the time of the refill_.
```
